--- Detailed Conversation Log ---

[00:00] [Narrator]: information that gets put into their heads, the better. This is usually for two main reasons. If they're guilty of something, this stops them from changing their answers to hide evidence based on what they know. Or if they're just a witness, it stops them from giving answers based on what they heard from the cops, rather than what they actually saw, protecting their credibility in court. It should be made clear that this isn't the first time that cops have been dispatched to Ian's house. And in fact, multiple criminals had been arrested here before, though never Ian himself. He just seems to hang around with the wrong people.
[00:31] Police Officer (Voice 2): Let me tell you here. Okay. Hey, listen, they're expanding the search to the whole property. He cannot take the car. Okay. So, okay, so the thing is with it is you guys physically yourselves are not being detained, okay? You know, other than I guess today, any other issues going on? No. Okay. That's that's good, I guess. Fortunately, no. Yeah. Got a nice place. I got to be more selective about who comes out. Yeah. That's what we do. Honestly, I used when I lived down in the county, if I had friends over and they brought somebody I didn't know, I would straight up tell them back. Guys, I'm cool with all y'all. I said, but him, I don't know him. I said, and if I don't know him, he doesn't need to be here.
[01:04] [Narrator]: If you haven't noticed, the longer this goes on for, the more uncomfortable Ian seems to get. And as that continues, the cops start to get more suspicious too. After having multiple criminals caught and arrested on his property, you'd think he'd start to be more careful about who comes over. That's what made the cops suspicious here. If he's been hanging around so many criminals, he might feel obligated to cover up for them. That's the main thing on the officer's mind when he decides to bring Ian to the interview room. But they actually decide to wait before questioning him. They have a fairly large number of witnesses for the case, so they want to get as much information from the others first before talking to the riskiest of the group. Ideally, they'll get information that could help catch Ian in a lie and force him into telling the truth. So, they start by questioning his father, Perry, the owner of the property.
[01:47] Perry: Too many people coming and going. I'm getting sick of this.
[01:50] Police Officer (Voice 2): So, you were in your room, they had been there a couple of days. Um, you heard her getting slapped, you knew she was getting slapped by the way she was sounding. You peeked out, Ian was telling, hey, you don't need to calm quit or whatever he said. The girl outside, this Elizabeth chick, who um, and some other guy gave the girl that was being slapped after she said, y'all need to help me.
[02:08] Perry: But that apparently was two different. See, I thought the girl that would beat up was not this girl. I don't know. I'll stay back in my room.
[02:19] Police Officer (Voice 2): But you saw a woman getting beat.
[02:22] Perry: But I didn't think it was her. She was already in Crossback, right?
[02:27] Police Officer (Voice 2): Is the top? She's barely got in Crossback, probably Friday.
[02:31] [Narrator]: It seems that Perry absolutely heard Thomas attacking at least one woman, but wasn't able to confirm who it was. He backs up Ian's propensity to let anyone and everyone over to the house and tells the cops that it was bound to end up badly eventually. If Perry can identify the girl that he saw Thomas hitting though, it could be a massive help for the cops, as it would mean all the evidence lines up and they can begin their search for him immediately.
[02:51] Police Officer (Voice 2): It's possible he just got the he just got the faces mixed up.
[02:55] Perry: Because you don't seem sure, but you knew it was a woman.
[02:57] Police Officer (Voice 2): I thought there's two.
[02:58] Perry: They're in there there is Thomas did beat up another girl. Yeah, he has warrants out for his arrest now too. That's why he's running.
[03:06] Police Officer (Voice 2): Does he beat up every woman he comes in contact with?
[03:11] Perry: See, I told you it's talking about another woman. I knew this I knew it this chick, the picture he showed me. I know it her. Her going to the ER. But the chick that I heard through the wall saying, y'all got to help me was not her.
[03:26] [Narrator]: Perry is saying that he had heard Thomas beating a girl up, but that it was a completely different girl for the one that they were looking for. So now, there is even more reason to catch him as soon as possible, as it seems like this wasn't an isolated incident at all.
[03:39] Perry: Maybe I'm confused. Cuz okay, once she went to the ER, she never went back to the house, right? Okay. I'm thinking of another chick. Does that make sense?
[03:49] Police Officer (Voice 2): No. But we'll figure it out. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry. This whole thing is just confusing to me. I need to be more involved and know who comes and goes, but, you know, he thinks he's grown a man now. Ian's going to have to start putting his foot down about who stays at the house. Plain and simple. Well, we need to get this.
[04:14] [Narrator]: Perry unfortunately didn't have much else to add, so now they turn their attention to Bugsy, their surprised witness who might just have the answers they're looking for.
[04:22] Police Officer (Voice 2): Okay, cuz you might have might have seen or heard something that happened out there at Ian's house a couple days ago.
[04:27] Bugsy: Um, honestly, I just got there today to do some laundry, so I
[04:30] Police Officer (Voice 2): Okay, Ian says you were out there a couple of days ago whenever this incident happened. Okay. Do you know Thomas, the guy that's always out there with Ian and all them guys?
[04:40] Bugsy: I mean, I've seen him a few times out there, yeah. I mean, even if I was if I was there, I didn't I mean, I didn't see none of that.
[04:46] Police Officer (Voice 2): Did you hear any of it?
[04:47] Bugsy: I didn't.
[04:48] [Narrator]: At first glance, it seems like Bugsy might not be as much help as they anticipated. But things can change quite quickly when a witness is told just how serious the situation is. That's why the officer decides to let her in on what happened to Sabrina and see if that jogs her memory at all.
[05:03] Police Officer (Voice 2): The reason we're here is because there's a girl that was with Thomas. Today, she started having complications from what Thomas and Sabrina had an altercation over. Okay. She is now deceased.
[05:17] [Narrator]: Unfortunately for the cops, this didn't change the fact that Bugsy hadn't seen anything at the house. However, she was able to give them one piece of information that could end up proving infinitely more useful than what they were hoping for initially. She gave them the address of another house Thomas was known to stay at. Inside that house is actually another one of Thomas's victims, and the police are about to discover that he's actually a serial domestic abuser. This is crucial to build a strong case against Thomas.
[05:44] Monique's Friend: Good, and yourself? Good. All right. They were looking for Thomas. He's not here. Um, like my friend Monique, that's her boyfriend. Okay. He's supposed to stay here because she's Is Monique not here either? No, she went she went out to Clovis. Okay. And I'm just watching. Do you know where Thomas is? He not supposed to be here. We really need to talk to him. He not supposed to be here. We changed the locks for him. She's really scared of him. Oh, yeah. Yes, we changed the locks for him. Okay. She's not here. Was she battered a while back? Is that what that Do you mind if we just make sure he's not in the house? That's fine. What's that? And my friend. But nobody else is in this house? Yeah. Um, the only thing that she she called me and said she's scared of him. My boyfriend changed out the locks for her. He took her phone. Oh, he took her phone? When you're saying her, who are you talking about? Monique. Monique. She hasn't been here all day, but he's not supposed to be here. But she still lives here? Yes, yes, yes. She hasn't had contact with him that you would know of. She pretty much want nothing to do with him. How long ago was it was there incident that happened? That was yesterday. But she called me and told me to come change her locks because she's scared of him.
[06:49] [Narrator]: It turns out this is the home of the other girl that Thomas had reportedly been beating, which, if anything, is worrying the cops even more. Since we know he's not limiting his violence to one girl, it would make sense if he's hiding out here waiting for this girl to come back home. The homeowner, however, is telling the cops that he's not here and she's not seen him for days.
[07:09] Police Officer (Voice 2): Is she working for her, or is she?
[07:11] Monique's Friend: Um, she just said we have she just went to Clovis with her daughter. Oh, I mean, I guess that's what it means.
[07:17] Police Officer (Voice 2): It was about 11:30 yesterday.
[07:20] Police Officer (Voice 2): Does he have any friends around here that we know of? That he hangs out with, family?
[07:24] Monique's Friend: I know of him because she's my friend. I know she don't have nobody in Tara.
[07:28] Police Officer (Voice 2): Do you think he still has her phone?
[07:29] Monique's Friend: Oh, he does. Get that number. He does have her phone.
[07:32] [Narrator]: The officers continued to search every room in the house as well as the attic, but weren't able to find him anywhere. According to everyone they'd talked to, Thomas had gone off the grid and was nowhere to be seen. But there was still one person they hadn't talked to, the one person that they knew was acting strange from the very beginning.
