--- Detailed Conversation Log ---

[00:00] [Narrator]: and taking his children. It almost seems like he did all this to make her feel what he felt. However, at this point, Jason needed to rest, and the officers decided they were best off continuing interrogations the next day.
[00:15] [Narrator]: Early the following morning, police officers would escort Jason out of the hospital in a robe and get him to the police station where he would be placed inside an empty room and left with his thoughts. However, he was unaware that his ex-wife Debbie was sitting in an interrogation area only feet away from him.
[00:34] [Narrator]: Debbie is sitting in a room filled with toys, coloring books, and a comfortable sofa, an extreme contrast to that of Jason's interrogation room. The reason for this is that they know for certain Debbie wasn't behind any of this, and that she's likely extremely traumatized and vulnerable right now. Their best chance at getting any information from her is to ensure that she feels as comfortable and safe as possible.
[00:57] [Narrator]: Jason, on the other hand, will be put under pressure to confess as much as possible. As of now, Debbie has no confirmation that Jason was the killer. She also doesn't know that he was caught just hours earlier. So now, it's time to break the news.
[01:12] Debbie: They didn't.
[01:13] Debbie: No.
[01:16] Debbie: No.
[01:20] Detective Barrera: Um, I know we spoke earlier. I'm sorry. I I don't I know this isn't part of my job I enjoy. I do have to officially, you know, Do you know what happened to your daughter? Do you know what happened to your daughter? He didn't hurt your three children.
[01:34] Debbie: I don't believe it. Did you find him?
[01:39] Detective Barrera: Yes.
[01:40] Debbie: Did he die?
[01:41] Detective Barrera: No.
[01:43] Debbie: Why didn't you find him?
[01:45] Detective Barrera: Um, the police chase for an hour and three minutes away from here. He's he's in custody and we're going to do our best to attack him, attack him, attack him. We're going to charge him best as we can. We're going to do this right.
[01:57] [Narrator]: Everything Jason said up to this point was nothing but his own version of events. And Debbie, well, she never got the chance to talk about what she saw that day and what it made her feel. As a victim, her voice matters the most. And that voice would be the final nail in Jason's coffin.
[02:16] Debbie: I woke up. I I I ate, I went, I didn't get them. I killed I was on the way to get them because they had the the doctor's appointment today. I went to Walmart to get diapers. I went to Walmart to get for their play pen. Um, I got a bathing suit for my daughter. And then I went there and I opened the garage door. I didn't notice anything. I didn't think about it. I walked in, I looked to the right, I saw the door broken off the hinges. And then I saw drops of blood. And then I turned around, looked in the garage and I saw that his car was gone. I started calling him because I thought maybe he took the kids and went somewhere. And then I I heard his phone upstairs. So I started walking up the stairs. I saw more blood and more blood and then just started saying to myself, no, God, please, no, please, no. And I go in the room and I saw all three of them there on the bed. They were they were stone cold.
[03:14] [Narrator]: While Debbie was spilling her heart out, little did she know, Jason was sitting in the room next to her, staring down into the emptiness. Her ex-husband, the father of their kids, and a vicious murderer. It's hard to understand what he thinks at that moment. The memories he had with his children, or the regret he feels for making them leave this world too early. After 10 minutes of complete silence, Detective Barrera returns to the interrogation room for his second and last conversation with Jason, with no idea that he was about to discover a major piece of this story that could have prevented this entire massacre from ever happening.
[03:56] Detective Barrera: How's your work? Do you work during the weekend? No, I don't work at all. That's right. I feel like I should be watching her and seeing her a lot more. Okay. All right. How long have you been unemployed? Since December. Since December? Okay. Uh, what did you do before? I worked at. Okay. Uh, you still keep in contact with your uh, your co-workers there? No, no. Okay. So, have you ever ever uh, talked to any of them? I did reach out one to one to one to one of them after I found out that he was cheating because I she had claimed that she met him at a bar and then one of her co-workers gave him her number. So I just messaged whoever. I was like, hey, can I ask you a question? And they're like, oh, sorry, I didn't get to. I was like, oh, never mind. Like, you know, I figured it out. And then I kind of broke down later and I was like, I just found out and I told him like everything because he was the one person that I felt like I could trust. Have you talked to him since? No. I have how long ago, how long ago have you had contact with them? That was like two days or that was like Saturday or Sunday. And so, so Saturday, the kids were not dropped off. No, they were not dropped off. No. Did they get dropped off? I want to say one. It was that afternoon. Afternoon. Okay. How were the kids? Were they happy to see you? Joyful? Yeah, they were happy to see me and like
