--- Detailed Conversation Log ---

[00:00] Sam Brammer: I have here. Okay. But there was no school relationship, no asking board or anything.
[00:10] [Narrator]: This information is, well, concerning. Considering it would be unlikely to make up blatant lies of this magnitude. However, with little to no evidence, other than a few rumors coming from her friends, police can't harp over these allegations and decide to wrap Mike's questioning up. At this point, Mike is still considered to have potential involvement in Aline's disappearance, but with a lack of leads, they direct their attention to the only other potential suspect, Aline's ex-boyfriend, Sam Brammer.
[00:40] Ted Roberts: You've already met Detective Dyer. Yeah, this is Detective Dyer. I'm the sergeant you talked to on the phone. My name's Ted Roberts. I'm a sergeant.
[00:49] Sam Brammer: You know you got I got phone with you and you said that I was the last person to see her alive.
[00:53] Ted Roberts: I didn't say that. Yep. I didn't say that. Yes, you did. Yes, you did. I said you were the last person that saw her before she went missing.
[01:01] [Narrator]: Sam wasted no time adding more suspicion onto his name. The phone recording shows that the detective never mentioned Sam being the last to see Aline alive. Aline has been missing for less than 48 hours at this point, so the fact that he's already alluding to the idea that she's dead is awfully disturbing. But this would only mark the beginning of Sam's unsettling choice of words during the interview.
[01:23] Ted Roberts: I didn't say that. I got I didn't. I wasn't. I didn't have a lawyer. No. Yeah, that's uh I think you misheard me there. I got to record it. I'll have to go back and listen to it. But uh but yeah, I'm pretty sure that's not what I said, but uh I mean, basically we got to, you know, uh crazy you here where, you know, Aline is evidently is her family and everything else. She's never done this kind of thing before. She's never just, you know, took off and gone. They all know she's
[01:53] Sam Brammer: She does. She comes to me. She moves she's moved in with me four or five times. But usually when she moves in with me, she says away from home.
[02:01] Ted Roberts: Yeah, cuz they said she they talk every day. The daughter and her talk every day. If they need something, they'll get over it. Okay. Just like when she got arrested for a DWI, she went to jail, they finally bailed her out. What they do? They turned her and dropped her off in the bar. And she was homeless. Okay. Let's if you could, I just need to know what went on Monday morning. What happened Monday morning with you?
[02:29] Sam Brammer: She texted me. Okay. And wanted to know if I would come and get her because one of her friends supposedly was supposed to come and get her and supposedly ran out of gas. So, did she tell you the friend's name or? Okay. So, I got there and I said, I'll be there in a minute. She goes, don't come inside. I don't want Megan to know that we're back or you're with me. I said, okay. And uh I pulled up, she gets in the truck. We take off right out to this. Supposedly the one that tried to do something with her. And uh dropped her off there. And I left. And then it wasn't too long after that is when she called me. I think she was at my house knocking. She you can't get my apartment building. She had a key to get in. But I think she was knocking on my window. I didn't look. I didn't care. I just wanted to lay down and take a nap. That's when she text me. Want to know if I could talk to Emmy about letting her move back in because this guy uh that was super when that night. The night before Monday? The night before Monday. Yeah. Okay. And I don't know if that was true or not. I don't know if she was just saying that to get me to take her back or what. I don't know.
[03:41] [Narrator]: This statement adds more weight to Aline's allegations towards Mike. If Mike did do these things to Aline, then moving out and staying with Sam would be completely logical. On top of his statement, what Sam is about to reveal to detectives will make the allegations much harder to dismiss and place all the suspicion back on Mike.
[04:02] Sam Brammer: And she says, uh, please talk to me if I can come back home. He me last night. Sam, I love you. I promise. I'll quit drinking. Please give me a chance.
